[DOC] Add user agent processor documentation (#5995)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ingest-pipelines/processors/user-agent.md

              "full": "Windows 10"
            },
            "device": {
              "name": "Other"
            },
            "version": "58.0.3029.110"
          }
        },
        "_ingest": {
          "timestamp": "2024-04-25T21:41:28.744407425Z"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

### Step 3: Ingest a document 

The following query ingests a document into an index named `testindex1`:

```json
PUT testindex1/_doc/1?pipeline=user_agent_pipeline
{
  "user_agent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/90.0.4430.212 Safari/537.36"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Response

The request indexes the document into the index `testindex1` and will index all documents with the user agent string parsed into it components:

```json
{
  "_index": "testindex1",
  "_id": "1",
  "_version": 66,
  "result": "updated",
  "_shards": {
    "total": 2,
    "successful": 1,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "_seq_no": 65,
  "_primary_term": 47
}
```

### Step 4 (Optional): Retrieve the document

To retrieve the document, run the following query:

```json
GET testindex1/_doc/1
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Response

> The response includes the original `user_agent` field and the parsed `user_agent_info` field with the device, operating system, and browser information: 

Author: @gaobinlong Is this an accurate description?

Reviewer: It looks good to me.

---
layout: default
title: User agent
parent: Ingest processors
nav_order: 330
---

# User agent processor

> The `user_agent` processor is used to extract information from the user agent string, such as the browser, device, and operating system used by the client. The user_agent processor is particularly useful for analyzing user behavior and identifying trends based on the devices, operating systems, and browsers used by your users. It can also be helpful for troubleshooting issues that may be specific to certain user agent configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `user_agent` processor is used to extract information from the user agent string, such as the browser, device, and operating system used by the client. The `user_agent` processor is particularly useful for analyzing user behavior and identifying trends based on user devices, operating systems, and browsers. It can also be helpful for troubleshooting issues specific to certain user agent configurations.
```

The following is the syntax for the `user_agent` processor:

```json
{
  "processor": {
    "user_agent": {
      "field": "user_agent",
      "target_field": "user_agent_info"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Configuration parameters

The following table lists the required and optional parameters for the `user_agent` processor.

Parameter | Required/Optional | Description |
|-----------|-----------|-----------|
`field` | Required | The field containing the user agent string.

> `target_field` | Optional | The field to store the extracted user agent information. If not specified, the information is stored in the `user_agent` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`target_field` | Optional | The field in which to store the extracted user agent information. If not specified, then the information is stored in the `user_agent` field.
```

`ignore_missing`  | Optional  | Specifies whether the processor should ignore documents that do not contain the specified `field`. If set to `true`, the processor does not modify the document if the `field` does not exist. Default is `false`. |

> `regex_file` | Optional | A file containing regular expression patterns used to parse the user agent string. This file should be located in the `config/ingest-user-agent` directory within the OpenSearch package. If not specified, the default file `regexes.yaml` shipped with OpenSearch is used. You can find the default file at `regexes.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`regex_file` | Optional | A file containing regular expression patterns used to parse the user agent string. This file should be located in the `config/ingest-user-agent` directory within the OpenSearch package. If not specified, then the default file `regexes.yaml` is used.
```

> `properties` | Optional | A list of properties to be extracted from the user agent string and added to the `target_field`. If not specified, the default properties are `name`, `major`, `minor`, `patch`, `build`, `os`, `os_name`, `os_major`, `os_minor`, and `device`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`properties` | Optional | A list of properties to be extracted from the user agent string and added to the `target_field`. If not specified, then the default properties are `name`, `major`, `minor`, `patch`, `build`, `os`, `os_name`, `os_major`, `os_minor`, and `device`.
```

`description`  | Optional  | A brief description of the processor.  |
`if` | Optional | A condition for running the processor. |

> `ignore_failure` | Optional | Specifies whether the processor continues execution even if it encounters an error. If set to `true`, failures are ignored. Default is `false`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ignore_failure` | Optional | Specifies whether the processor continues to run even if it encounters an error. If set to `true`, then failures are ignored. Default is `false`. |
```

`on_failure` | Optional | A list of processors to run if the processor fails. |
`tag` | Optional | An identifier tag for the processor. Useful for debugging in order to distinguish between processors of the same type. |

## Using the processor

Follow these steps to use the processor in a pipeline.

### Step 1: Create a pipeline

> The following query creates a pipeline named `user_agent_pipeline` that uses the `user_agent` processor to  to extract user agent information: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following query creates a pipeline named `user_agent_pipeline` that uses the `user_agent` processor to extract user agent information: 
```

```json
{
  "docs": [
    {
      "doc": {
        "_index": "_index",
        "_id": "_id",
        "_source": {
          "user_agent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/58.0.3029.110 Safari/537.3",
          "user_agent_info": {
            "name": "Chrome",
            "original": "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/58.0.3029.110 Safari/537.3",
            "os": {
              "name": "Windows",
              "version": "10",
              "full": "Windows 10"
            },
            "device": {
              "name": "Other"
            },
            "version": "58.0.3029.110"
          }
        },
        "_ingest": {
          "timestamp": "2024-04-25T21:41:28.744407425Z"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

### Step 3: Ingest a document 

The following query ingests a document into an index named `testindex1`:

```json
PUT testindex1/_doc/1?pipeline=user_agent_pipeline
{
  "user_agent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/90.0.4430.212 Safari/537.36"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Response

> The request indexes the document into the index `testindex1` and will index all documents with the user agent string parsed into it components:

Reviewer 2: This sentence needs a bit of revision. Please tag me on the rewrite.

Author: @natebower "The preceding request parses the `user_agent` string into its components and indexes the document, along with all documents containing those components, into the `testindex1` index."

Author: @natebower Thank you! Ready for your review and approval.

```json
{
  "_index": "testindex1",
  "_id": "1",
  "_version": 66,
  "result": "updated",
  "_shards": {
    "total": 2,
    "successful": 1,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "_seq_no": 65,
  "_primary_term": 47
}
```

### Step 4 (Optional): Retrieve the document

To retrieve the document, run the following query:

```json
GET testindex1/_doc/1
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Response

> The response includes the original `user_agent` field and the parsed `user_agent_info` field with the device, operating system, and browser information: 

Reviewer 2: "containing" instead of "with"?

---
layout: default
title: User agent
parent: Ingest processors
nav_order: 330
---

# User agent processor

The `user_agent` processor is used to extract information from the user agent string, such as the browser, device, and operating system used by the client.

The following is the syntax for the `user_agent` processor:

```json
{
  "processor": {
    "user_agent": {
      "field": "user_agent",
      "target_field": "user_agent_info"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Configuration parameters

The following table lists the required and optional parameters for the `user_agent` processor.

Parameter | Required/Optional | Description |
|-----------|-----------|-----------|
`field` | Required | The field containing the user agent string.
`target_field` | Optional | The field to store the extracted user agent information. If not specified, the information is stored in the `user_agent` field.

> 

Author: @@gaobinlong Is this parameter applicable here?

Reviewer: `override_target ` should be removed, and the following 2 parameters should be added:
```
`regex_file `  | Optional  | A file containing some regex expressions which can be used to parse the user agent string, this file must be under the directory of `config/ingest-user-agent` in the OpenSearch package, the default file is [regexes.yaml](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/main/modules/ingest-user-agent/src/main/resources/regexes.yml) which is shipped with OpenSearch. |
`properties `  | Optional  | What properties should be added to the `target_field`, defaults to ["name", "major", "minor", "patch", "build", "os", "os_name", "os_major", "os_minor", "device"].  |
```
